# Free Parking

## Abstract
Finding a free, available parking spot in Nashville can be a hassle. Our project, Free Parking, is a mobile application available on iOS and Android that aims to simplify vehicle-owner’s lives. This is accomplished by allowing users to document the spots they find, record when they’re available, and eventually create a network of free parking spots, making the parking process easier and less time consuming.

## Summary
The inception of FreeParking sought to create an application that gave Nashvillians a way to keep track of free parking spots around the city. Throughout the duration of the year, our team has succeeded in developing an application that meets the needs of our sponsor. Utilizing React Native and MongoDB Realm, the FreeParking application gives its users the ability to store, edit, and retrieve parking spot information for available spots around their area. The app also allows users to use their mobile device’s map application (Google or Apple Maps) to view and/or route to desired locations. Snapshots are also offered for users that wish to include an image of the parking sign or the spot in general with their information. All of this data is tied to the user's accounts, and can be accessed offline or online. With the features that we have implemented, our app meets the expectations set for us by the team’s stakeholder, Kurt. 

Though the application is fully functional, there are still features that could be implemented in the future. One feature that can be expanded on is that of text analysis. Previously, a part of the application’s feature list was to be able to take a picture of an associated parking sign and have the information displayed on it populated into the app. This was not able to be implemented due to software restrictions, but could be implemented by future developers. In addition, the application could make use of a networking feature. This would entail allowing users to share their respective parking spots with friends, or having them be able to access a shared repository of user-input locations. Either of these would add a social aspect to the application past its current local, user-only function. Simpler additions could be made too, like adding user authentication with Google, Facebook, Apple, etc. The application has a lot of room for growth.

The FreeParking application affords its users several capabilities for managing their prized parking spots around Nashville. Being a software application, however, it can always be expanded upon, and should be to meet the needs of its users. Future developers of this application have many options for additional features, and have several aspects to consider for routes the app should take. 
